import datetime

today = datetime.date.today()

print("EVENT COUNTDOWN")
day = int(input("Day: "))
month = int(input("Month: "))
year = int(input("Year: "))
event = datetime.date(year, month, day)

difference = event - today
difference = difference.days

if difference>0:
  print(f"{difference} days to go")
elif difference<0:
  print(f"😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 You missed it by {difference} days!")
  
else:
  print("🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳 Today!")




This Python code is a simple program that calculates the countdown to a user-specified event date and provides different messages 
based on the relationship between the current date and the event date.

Here's a breakdown of how the code works:

import datetime: This line imports the datetime module, which provides classes for working with dates and times in Python.

today = datetime.date.today(): This line gets the current date using the today() method of the datetime.date class and stores it in
the today variable.

print("EVENT COUNTDOWN"): This line prints a heading for the event countdown.

day = int(input("Day: ")), month = int(input("Month: ")), year = int(input("Year: ")): These lines prompt the user to enter
the day, month, and year of the event and store the input values as integers in the day, month, and year variables, respectively.

event = datetime.date(year, month, day): This line creates a datetime.date object representing the event date using the values
provided by the user.

difference = event - today: This line calculates the difference between the event date and the current date, resulting 
in a datetime.timedelta object representing the time difference between the two dates.

difference = difference.days: This line extracts the number of days from the datetime.timedelta object and stores it in the
difference variable.

The following conditional statements check the value of difference to determine the relationship between the current date and 
the event date:

if difference > 0:: If the difference is positive, it means the event is in the future. The program prints a message indicating 
the number of days left until the event.
elif difference < 0:: If the difference is negative, it means the event has already passed. The program prints a message
indicating how many days ago the event occurred.
else:: If the difference is zero, it means the event is today. The program prints a celebratory message.
The program then prints the appropriate message based on the calculated difference.

In summary, this code takes user input for an event date, calculates the time difference between the event date and the 
current date, and displays a message based on whether the event is in the past, future, or today.
