f = open("high.score", "r")
scores = f.read().split("\n")
f.close()

highscore = 0
name = None

for rows in scores:
  data = rows.split()
  if data != []:
    if int(data[1]) > highscore:
      highscore = int(data[1])
      name = data[0]
print("The winner is", name, "with", highscore)




In this Python code, the program reads the contents of the file "high.score," which contains high scores and players' names.
It then processes the 
data to find and display the player with the highest score.

Let's go through the code step-by-step:

The code starts by opening the file "high.score" in "read" mode using f = open("high.score", "r"). The file is opened for reading, 
allowing us to access its contents without modifying it.

The f.read() function is used to read the entire content of the file as a single string. The variable scores stores this string.

The split("\n") method is called on the scores string to split it into a list of individual lines. The \n character
represents a newline, so each line of the file becomes a separate element in the scores list.

The file is closed using f.close() as it is no longer needed for reading.

Two variables, highscore and name, are initialized. The highscore variable will keep track of the highest score encountered, and the 
name variable will store the name of the player with the highest score.

The code enters a for loop to iterate through each row in the scores list, which represents each line of the file.

Inside the loop, the current row is split into individual data elements using rows.split(). The result is stored in the data variable.

The code checks if the data list is not empty (data != []). An empty list may be encountered when there is an empty line at the end of 
the file. We want to ignore such lines.

If the data list is not empty, the code proceeds to compare the score (the second element in the data list) with the current 
highest score (highscore).

If the score in the current line is greater than the current highest score, the highscore variable is updated to the new high score, and 
the player's name (the first element in the data list) is stored in the name variable.

The loop continues, and the next line of the file is processed in the same way.

After processing all lines of the file, the program prints the result using print("The winner is", name, "with", highscore) to display 
the name of the player with the highest score and their corresponding high score.

In summary, the code reads and processes the high scores from the file "high.score" to determine and display the player with the 
highest score in the high score table.
